# Satcitananda ( Sachi--- danand) Happy Anniversary, love

I know now you didn't love me, you loved an idea.

I know now you didn't see me, it's smoke & mirrors, a trauma

I thought you could see it too... the magic behind our ether...

But hey, I'm not ashamed to say I love you even if you smeared my name, paint me black, gave me shame, and took and hid our daughter

I love you-- and I know for sure I'll hold this in my core with warmth as we separate

I love how you are such a great mother, a radiance you emanate

I remember when you pranked me that you were pregnant, I didn't know how to react its the first time I felt the world pause and take a break, it sinked in too late

oh all those annoyance you've had how i'd love to assure you, hug you tight, sit by your side and massage any part that aches...

I'd be there when you'd call, and I wouldn't ever ever say "wait"

See, I it's my first time, I was figuring things out while pressured for the upcoming date

But if I could just redo everything, I'd lay in bed with you and listen to everything you'd say...

I love how you get so happy when you see me hiding behind the pillow from a horror movie, scared shitless and afraid

I love how cute you are when you try something for the first time, and proudly show it off with grace

I love you & i love the way you are, your being, I remember asking for you to never change

I had hoped you listen to black coffee, you'd see how much I see you and appreciate...

You see, I had a lot of relationships before, and all of them threw me away-

I know how it is and how we men function, so I acknowledge my previous exes would be snatched up one day-

I was never really chosen, I was the convenience that the boredom would stray

and words such as "tell me whenever you don't love me anymore, I'll understand and will be happy for you" were things I'd used to say

I've never forced, I never caged, I love freely, its wu-wei....

Until there you came, the universe finally gave me what I so desperately asked in prayers

Someone to call my own, yet I do not own you-- you chose me... someone who'll stay...

Finally someone who has found me, someone who has seen me, that's why I gave and I gave

For the first time ever, I felt I was understood by someone, and how heavenly did it taste

I was so grateful that I swore in our tenants, you'd never experience hardships as long as I walk in this plane

I had so much love to give, my chest is full to this day

That's why I ask my brain, Oh how much I hurt myself and blame...

"what have I done wrong", I asked -- oh my love, how I wanted to grow with you into old age...

It's only you, only ever you -- even if the facts of who we are would be against...

I had hoped, we'd be a fit... I wish we'd still be a family, just like how the painting was portrayed...

My love, I've given you my essence, yet I'd still bet on you like a gambler that's only left with spare change..

I am sorry for all we've been and all that happened, the trauma and pain

the man should have led the unit & family into God, Glory, Success, and Faith.

Oh how tremendously I have failed... I am so sorry for everything I have done to protect myself from the chill you'd emanate..

Oh how tremendously I wish we seeked help the first time it came... I am so sorry for the hurtful & painful things I've said

Oh how tremendously I wish we've both changed... I wanted to be your ally, someone you could rely on, your 100%, your certainty, I wanted to be inside you so much than locked outside the gate..

Oh I would serve you, as my purpose is clear from the very first day..

I loved telling my friends "hey guys my wife is calling, Im going home" I wanted you respected and graced

You called me in Thailand, said your best friend wasn't coming to our marriage that day..

It tore me up, I was forlorn, how I would book a flight to comfort you, yet I'm just a man and time isn't something I can sway..

Instead, I'd involve you include you, keep you up to date, introduce you and crown you, I whispered to myself you'd never be alone ever again and you'd never be lonely I'd give you the whole world in every meaning it can be defined however it may...

Yet the world wasn't all happy, good, filled with sunshine, and bright-- it's also filled with dismay

How stupid I was to forget a simple fact in a rush you see you smile and bloom like the sunflower & stargazers you faved...

I remember whispering to your being, I am just happy we're together.. you don't need to change..

I'm sorry I couldn't handle your episodes, I wish I was more equipped to deal with the pain...

I remember the feeling oh so vividly... There was not a place I'd rather be than next to you, I enjoyed basking in your presence and you in mine as we kiss and hug each other in a lazy afternoon daze...

There is so so so much I wanted to say... I'd make alchemy, breathe life into objects and appliances to keep you entertained..

I'd do it all, I'd dabble in the forbidden arts, and move inanimate objects as I imbue them with feeling of love from the very fountain of my being I've attained...

My love.. I love you Sarah... I guess however bad we were for each other, I'd still say you're the one that got away..

You are the thought & ideal I would always want and choose... the words of regretting our meeting orchestrated by fate, regretting the marriage and vows we etched in the fabrics of space, I'd contradict with 100% certainty and if God ever gave me the chance to do things again, I would walk into this thing called "us" without hesitation and disdain..

Well... maybe I'd brush my teeth before the time we ever got to the square, the jogging area where I confessed to you how I see you shine and give you a better ornament that would help me portray

How I see you as gold, ever sought and ever wanted, I see you as gold-- not a trophy nor accessory, but my partner in this life and in sky's harmonic display..

You say I craft words so easy... My secret is I don't filter what my heart speaks, I let it beat as drumming chants for your name... It comes easy to me, remember when I told you however uncertain the world is I know for sure you are the only certainty my sweet Sarah Jane.

I am sorry for my flaws and for the lack of presence my love.. I hope you can forgive me one day...

You may dispute my words and make your claims, I stay true to my very essence and core.. It's the still the same as we had once said in the document Chessy foundation where we forged our future and name...

I don't mean to make this dramatic, but there is no other way to really say... I love you and I hope we didn't burn each other, my twin flame..

Though every fiber of my being screams for your name and wants to be with you... we're too much of a match that a spark can ignite us and we're no phoenix to rise again.

I love you. Farewell.. With love, I proclaim.

I love you...

- the energy, chī

11/23/24, the silence begins its eternity
